  This boolean function calculator simplifies two-, three-, and four-term SOP and POS boolean functions by using Karnaugh map techniques. This writeup will denote expression terms, such as AB’ or X’YZ’T, as ETs and designate individual terms comprising each ET, such as A and B, as ITs. The code receives a user-inputted string containing a boolean function and outputs both its simplified form and the function’s associated truth table. 
  
	Method stringToFunction acts first on user input and processes the string into a returned  BooleanFunction object. The method denotes whether a function is SOP or POS based on whether the string’s first character is an open parenthesis and updates the boolean value sopOrPos as true for SOP and false for POS. Within stringToFunction is the method validateInput, which serves a dual purpose— the method validates whether user input is in an acceptable format while creating a LinkedHashSet uniqueTerms of each IT. Once validated, stringToFunction iterates through each ET and adds it to the terms String array. Finally, stringToFunction loads uniqueTerms, sopOrPos, and the terms string array of ETs to construct a BooleanFunction object that uses the given information to perform calculations. BooleanFunction’s constructor also initializes kmap, an integer array size 2 to the power of the amount of IT’s in uniqueTerms.
 
	After constructing a BooleanFunction, the code performs the standardize method, which converts a function into its canonical form by iterating through all ETs and trimming, then cycling through each IT in uniqueTerms to determine whether the ET is missing one, two, or three ITs; the number of missing ITs determines how many canonical ETs to add onto a standardized ArrayList and replace the terms array. Method standardize calls the shuffle method, which realigns every part of the expression based on the order of uniqueTerms and calls method numerify to convert every ET into a binary number in ArrayList numerifiedTerms for use on a K-map. 
 
	The main method then calls setKmap, which uses final String arrays twoTermReference, threeTermReference, and fourTermReference as guidelines for setting their respective K-maps using the filled ArrayList numerifiedTerms. The method iterates through every reference ET to find a match with numerifiedTerms. Since the references are in order, the method updates the K-map using the reference’s array position.
 
	Finally, the main method calls solve, which runs through every possible K-map grouping, checks the grouping against an int array marker, and adds the solution ET to an ArrayList solved if the grouping is valid. The solve method does this twice— once to process all separate groupings and a second time to process ETs with overlap, ensuring as little simplification redundancy as possible. Method solve also calls checkRedundancy, which runs through all confirmed groupings backward against a second marker array to remove ETs made redundant because of the original grouping’s order. Method printTruthTable utilizes uniqueTerms, the references, and the set K-map to concatenate the information and print the truth table graphically.
